#
# Alignment (objects)
#
aligncenter			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
aligndown			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
alignup				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
backward			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
beforeobject			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
behindobject			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bringtofront			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
forward				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
objectposition			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
reverseorder			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
sendtoback			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Alignment (text)
#
alignblock			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
alignbottom			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
alignhorizontalcenter		svg	.	res/commandimagelist
alignleft			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
alignright			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
aligntop			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
alignvcenter			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
cellvertbottom			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
cellvertcenter			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
cellverttop			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
centerpara			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
leftpara			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
rightpara			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
textdirectionlefttoright	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
textdirectiontoptobottom	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Arrow shapes
#
arrowshapes			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.chevron		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.circular-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.corner-right-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.down-arrow-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.down-arrow		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.left-arrow-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.left-arrow		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.left-right-arrow-callout SVG .	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.left-right-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.notched-right-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.pentagon-right	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.quad-arrow-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.quad-arrow		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.right-arrow-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.right-arrow		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.split-arrow		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.split-round-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.s-sharped-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.striped-right-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-arrow-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-arrow		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-down-arrow-callout SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-down-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-right-arrow-callout SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-right-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowshapes.up-right-down-arrow	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
arrowstoolbox			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Basic shapes
#
basicshapes			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.block-arc		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.can			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.circle-pie		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.circle		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.cross		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.cube		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.diamond		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.ellipse		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.frame		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.hexagon		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.isosceles-triangle	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.octagon		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.paper		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.parallelogram	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.pentagon		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.quadrat		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.rectangle		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.right-triangle	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.ring		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.round-quadrat	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.round-rectangle	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
basicshapes.trapezoid		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Bezier
#
bezierappend			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezierclose			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezierconvert			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
beziercutline			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezierdelete			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezieredge			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
beziereliminatepoints		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezierinsert			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
beziermove			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
beziersmooth			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
beziersymmetric			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bighandles			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
toggleobjectbeziermode		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Callout shapes
#
calloutshapes			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.cloud-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.line-callout-1	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.line-callout-2	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.line-callout-3	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.rectangular-callout SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.round-callout	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
calloutshapes.round-rectangular-callout	SVG .	res/commandimagelist

#
# Character attributes
#
backcolor			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
backgroundcolor			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
backgroundpatterncontroller	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bold				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
color				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
fontcolor			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
italic				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
outlinefont			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
shadowed			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
strikeout			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
subscript			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
superscript			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
underline			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
underlinedouble			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Charts
#
drawchart			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertobjectchart		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
togglelegend			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
toggletitle			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Color settings
#
grafblue			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grafcontrast			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grafgreen			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grafinvert			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grafluminance			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grafmode			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grafred				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
graftransparence		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Connectors
#
connector			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorarrowend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorarrows			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorarrowstart		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcircleend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcircles		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcirclestart		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurve			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurvearrowend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurvearrows		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurvearrowstart	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurvecircleend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurvecircles		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorcurvecirclestart	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorline			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinearrowend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinearrows		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinearrowstart		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinecircleend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinecircles		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinecirclestart	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlines			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinesarrowend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinesarrows		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinesarrowstart	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinescircleend		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinescircles		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectorlinescirclestart	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
connectortoolbox		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Controls
#
checkbox			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
progressbar			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
radiobutton			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Currency
#
currencyfield			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertcurrencyfield		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
numberformatcurrency		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Database
#
dbaddrelation			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbclearquery			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbdtableedit			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbformdelete			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbformedit			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbformrename			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbchangedesignmode		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbindexdesign			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewform			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewquery			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewqueryautopilot		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewquerysql			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewreportautopilot		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewtable			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewtableautopilot		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbnewviewsql			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbqueryedit			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbqueryrename			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbreportrename			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbtabledelete			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dbviewfunctions			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dsbdocumentdatasource		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Decimal
#
addecimal			22x22	.	res/commandimagelist/lc_numberformatincdecimals.png
addecimal			16x16	.	res/commandimagelist/sc_numberformatincdecimals.png
subdecimal			22x22	.	res/commandimagelist/lc_numberformatdecdecimals.png
subdecimal			16x16	.	res/commandimagelist/sc_numberformatdecdecimals.png

#
# Document
#
adddirect			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
addons				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
choosedesign			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formatpaintbrush		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formdesigntools			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formproperties			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
grid				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertbookmark			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
insertdoc			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertdraw			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
inserthyperlink			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertpage			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertpagecountfield		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertpagenumberfield		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertspreadsheet		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertsymbol			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
inserttable			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
newdoc				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
openurl				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
saveas				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
sendmail			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
setdocumentproperties		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolcatalogue			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
usewizards			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Edit (graphics)
#
changebezier			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
changepolygon			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
choosepolygon			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
drawselect			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
fliphorizontal			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
flipvertical			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
graphic				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
graphicdraft			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linetoolbox			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
objects3dtoolbox		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
selectmode			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
selectobject			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Edit (text)
#
copy				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
edit				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
paste				svg	.	res/commandimagelist
editheaderandfooter		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
selectall			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
selecttable			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Extrusion
#
extrusionlightingfloater	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Filters
#
autofilter			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
datafilterautofilter		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
datafilterspecialfilter		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
datafilterstandardfilter	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
filtercrit			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formfilter			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formfiltered			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formfilterexecute		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
formfilternavigator		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
lc10711				SVG	.	res
lc10715				SVG	.	res
lc10716				SVG	.	res
lc10723				SVG	.	res
removefilter			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
removefiltersort		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Flow chart shapes
#
flowchartshapes.flowchart-alternate-process	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-card			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-collate		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-connector		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-data			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-decision		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-delay			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-direct-access-storage	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-display		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-document		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-extract		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes					SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-internal-storage	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-magnetic-disk		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-manual-input		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-manual-operation	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-merge			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-multidocument		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-off-page-connector	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-or			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-preparation		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-predefined-process	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-process		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-punched-tape		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-sequential-access	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-sort			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-stored-data		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-summing-junction	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
flowchartshapes.flowchart-terminator		SVG .	res/commandimagelist

#
# Fontwork shapes
#
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-down-curve	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-down-pour	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-left-curve	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-left-pour	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-right-curve	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-right-pour	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-up-curve	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-arch-up-pour		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-chevron-down		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-chevron-up		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-circle-curve		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-circle-pour		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-curve-down		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-curve-up		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-fade-down		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-fade-left		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-fade-right		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-fade-up-and-left	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-fade-up-and-right	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-fade-up		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-inflate		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-open-circle-curve	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-open-circle-pour	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-plain-text		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-slant-down		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-slant-up		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-stop			SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-triangle-down	SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-triangle-up		SVG .	res/commandimagelist
fontworkshapetype.fontwork-wave			SVG .	res/commandimagelist

#
# Grid
#
togglegridhorizontal		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
togglegridvertical		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Help
#
extendedhelp			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Indent
#
bullet				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bulletsandnumberingdialog	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
decrementindent			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
defaultbullet			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
defaultnumbering		svg	.	res/commandimagelist
incrementindent			svg	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Line arrows
#
linearrowcircle			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linearrowend			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linearrows			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linearrowsquare			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linearrowstart			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linecirclearrow			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
lineendstyle			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
linesquarearrow			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Macros & basic
basicstop			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
choosemacro			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
macrorecorder			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Mathematic
#
autosum				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
lc20556				SVG	.	sw/imglst
lc26047				SVG	.	sc/res/imglst/apptbx
lc26048				SVG	.	sc/res/imglst/apptbx

#
# Media
#
animationobjects		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
avmediaplayer			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertavmedia			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertsound			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertvideo			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# New shapes
#
arc				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezierfill			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
bezier_unfilled			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circle				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circle_unfilled			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circlearc			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circlecut			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circlecut_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circlepie			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
circlepie_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
clickchangerotation		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
crookrotate			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
crookslant			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
cube				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
ellipse				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
ellipse_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
ellipsecut			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
ellipsecut_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
ellipsetoolbox			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
freeline			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
freeline_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
interactivegradient		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
interactivetransparence		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
line				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
line_diagonal			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
pie				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
pie_unfilled			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
polygon				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
polygon_diagonal		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
polygon_diagonal_unfilled	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
polygon_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
rect				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
rect_rounded			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
rect_rounded_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
rect_unfilled			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
rectangletoolbox		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
square				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
square_rounded			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
square_rounded_unfilled		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
square_unfilled			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# New shapes - 3d
#
cone				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
cylinder			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
cyramid				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
halfsphere			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
shell3d				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
sphere				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Number format
#
numberformatdate		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
numberformatpercent		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
numberformatscientific		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
numberformatstandard		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Other
#
colorsettings			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
navigator			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
objectcatalog			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
toggleanchortype		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Printing
#
exportdirecttopdf		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
printersetup			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
printpagepreview		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
printpreview			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
showmultiplepages		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
showtwopages			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Sort
#
atoz				22x22	.	res/commandimagelist/lc_sortascending.png:res/commandimagelist/lc_sortup.png:res/lc10712.png
atoz				16x16	.	res/commandimagelist/sc_sortascending.png:res/commandimagelist/sc_sortup.png:res/sc10712.png
aztoa				22x22	.	res/commandimagelist/lc_sortdescending.png:res/commandimagelist/lc_sortdown.png:res/lc10713.png
aztoa				16x16	.	res/commandimagelist/sc_sortdescending.png:res/commandimagelist/sc_sortdown.png:res/sc10713.png

#
# Spelling
#
spelling			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
spelldialog			svg	.	res/commandimagelist
spellonline			svg	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Star shapes
#
starshapes.bang			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.concave-star6	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.doorplate		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.horizontal-scroll	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.signet		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.star12		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.star24		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.star4		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.star5		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.star6		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.star8		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
starshapes.vertical-scroll	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Symbol shapes
#
symbolshapes.brace-pair		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.bracket-pair	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.cloud		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.diamond-bevel	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.flower		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.forbidden		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.heart		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.left-brace		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.left-bracket	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.lightning		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.moon		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.octagon-bevel	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.puzzle		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.quad-bevel		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.right-brace	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.right-bracket	SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.smiley		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes.sun		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
symbolshapes			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Tables
#
addfield			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
addtable			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
datadatapilotrun		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dataimport			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
dataincolumns			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
datainrows			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
deletecolumns			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
deleterows			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
diagramdata			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
entirecolumn			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
entirerow			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
inscellsctrl			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertcellsdown			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertcellsright		SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertcolumns			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
insertrows			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
mergecells			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
setborderstyle			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

#
# Zoom and search
#
adjust				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
helpzoomin			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
helpzoomout			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
lc05961				SVG	.	res
lc10853				SVG	.	res
previewzoom			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
searchdialog			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
view100				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoom				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoom100percent			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomin				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomminus			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomnext			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomobjects			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomout				SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoompage			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoompagewidth			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomplus			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomprevious			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist
zoomtoolbox			SVG	.	res/commandimagelist

###########################################
#####     END OF THE MAIN SECTION     #####
###########################################

#
# Alternate designs
# Disabled not to confuse check-imagelists.sh
#
anchor_16			-
coins				-
bezierdeleten			-
bezieredgen			-
beziereliminatepointsn		-
bezierinsertn			-
beziersmoothn			-
beziersymmetricn		-
navigatorN			-
starshapes.bang-glossy		-
toggleobjectbeziermoden		-
